Hide Welcome back and there's video I'm going to introduce to you the concept of CSX cascading style
sheets and of bootstrap Cascading Style Sheets is a language used to style change the things like colors
sizes things like that of our hitch DML elements.
And I know it may sound a bit arbitrary but random a bit weird a bit confusing.
We're going to look at exactly how it does that bootstrap is somehow Zia's has code that is already
written for you that makes things pretty essentially a lot easier.
So it is used to speed up your siestas development essentially.
And it's not perfect.
It's not the end all and be all of a sense of styling but it is a nice way to style your things nicely
without having to write much code.
So I tend to use bootstrap quite a lot when I'm developing small web sites and things like that.
And I would encourage you to do the same at least while you're starting.
So let's go to get bootstrapped dot com and then press on the blue bar bootstrap.
For now it's possible in the future that the version here will be Version 4.
And if that is the case we will just go over to getting started.
But if the version here is not a version for let's press this bar there and this takes us to the bootstrap
blog.
Now we want to go and find the place where it says head to the V for Alpha ADOX or you can directly
go to V for that Alpha.
Don't get bootstrapped Dockum but you or I might change as bootstrap evolves then let's go to documentation
at the top and go to QuickStart down here and then we're going to take the copy button and then press
control see if you're in Windows 2 copy command see if you're on Mac or you can just right click and
copy.
OK once we've done that we're going to head back to Python.
We're going to go to our search digest in our file and below the matter tag.
We're going to press enter and paste that in.
It's going to be a long line there but it doesn't really matter as long as we placed it in there and
pasted inside the title or anything like that.
Just paste it outside there.
What that's doing is that that's importing bootstrap the bootstrap code that is already written for
us.
It's importing that.
So that's quite nice.
Now that we've got that we can go back to our page and go to the search page and then notice how the
text is different before it was over a times new roman font.
Now it's some sort of Helvetica font.
And so it's some serif which is some people think a bit nicer.
I tend to agree with that.
So the font has changed but it hasn't changed much.
I mean it's just a different font.
That's all we can do more things with this for example and we can instead of putting a paragraph tag
for each of the elements we can put them in a list like we pull at points.
So let's do that because the bullet points offer some more flexibility over the paragraphs.
So I'm going to delete the tags outside of the for loop.
I'm going to put UL tags.
So the opening tag is going to be above the for loop and the closing UL tag is going to be below the
form.
This stands for unordered list a list of bullet points with no specific order and then each of the elements
instead of a p tag are going to be l tags.
List index I think is what it stands for but I could be wrong list item this item nomics importance
.
So each of the elements going to be a list item.
Let's go back to Safari and refresh.
And now we have a list of bullet points as we would expect ok with bootstrap.
There is more we can do.
We can assign these tags classes.
Now a class in CSSA is not the same as a class in Python is says class allows us to give the list or
the element some styles and styles might include things like changing the color changing the border
adding a border around the element.
It may include things like changing the font size things like that.
If we change the style of an element it is still going to be an unordered list but it may look different
.
OK so let's do that.
Let's change the styling of this UL tag the way we do that is we put a space after the UL and type class
equal list group and then in each of the airline tags we're going to add a class as well.
That's going to be list Gloup item.
If we're not sure what classes to put in here the best way to learn about bootstrap is to go into the
bootstrap an introduction here and go to component's down here we have a list of components that are
available to us in Bootstrap.
And one of those components is the list.
So this is what the code is for a basic example.
And that's what it's going to look like.
So I'm going to just quickly introduce you to the difference between our list with no bootstrap and
I'm going to refresh our list with Butcha completely different as you can see there's no not even a
bullet point.
But now there's a border around each element and they are somewhat centered in that sort of panel if
you want to call it that.
So it looks reasonably nice.
The next thing we can do is add a div element around the list.
So I'm going to add the divs and then I'm going to make sure this is indented properly a div is just
an element created to contain other elements.
That's the simplest way to put it.
So the usefulness of a deal is that we can apply styles to the div and they are the style we can apply
to the div in this case is going to be will be no limit its width as you can see right now these lists
are 100 percent of the viewport width.
They occupy 100 percent of the window and that's not very nice.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to use bootstrap to make sure that these do not occupy 100 percent
of the width and I'm going to center them on the page.
The way we do that is we get this div and we type class equals container inside the quotation marks
.
So let's say that refresh.
Now as you can see they've shrunk down and become a bit smaller.
However if we were to size down the window as you can see these size down with it.
So this is why bootstrap is so nice because it allows us to easily make Web sites mobile friendly which
is nice.
OK then see if there this video.
Just wanted to introduce you to bootstrap.
I would encourage you to read through the documentation.
Look at all the things you can do.
Have a play around with it.
But don't worry too much about learning.
Massive amounts of HDMI LNC I says that's not the focus of this course but is nevertheless interesting
to make your sites look appealing whenever possible.
It's better to have a list that looks nice rather than a list of bullet points and that's going to make
it a bit nicer and also bootstrap is going to allow us more flexibility in terms of making things look
nice when we apply the AM sentiment analysis which we're going to be doing very soon.
So that's it for this video in the next one we're going to talk a bit more about CSSA in terms of writing
our own sense as opposed to using bootstrap only and then we're going to move on from that.
So without further ado I see you in the very next video